[Do not merge][FM v0.12.0]-- Add doc about connector catalog CRD (#249)
streamnative/function-mesh-website: docs/reference/crd-config/connnector-catalog.md

| `version` | The version of the connector. |
| `imageRegistry` | The image registry that hosts the connector image. By default, the image registry is empty, which means that it uses the Docker Hub (`docker.io/`) to host the connector image. |
| `imageRepository` | The image repository to the connector. Usually, it is in a format of NAMESPACE/REPOSITORY. |
| `imageTag` | The tag to the connector image. By default, it aligns with Pulsar's version. |
| `typeClassName` | The type class name of the connector or function. By default, it is set to `'[B'`.|
| `sourceTypeClassName` | The type class name of the source connector. If not set, it will inherit the value from the `typeClassName` field. |
| `sinkTypeClassName` |  The type class name of the sink connector. If not set, it will inherit the value from the `typeClassName` field. |
| `jarFullName` | Optional. The JAR or NAR package name of the connector. If not set, it is generated based on the connector ID and connector version.| 
| `defaultSchemaType` |  Optional. The default schema type of the connector's topic. |

> | `defaultSerdeClassName` | Optional. The default serde class name of the connector's topic. |

Reviewer: I think this is missing some properties. It should contain all of these:
https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/blob/master/config/crd/bases/compute.functionmesh.io_connectorcatalogs.yaml#L33-L98

Author: @alpreu Thanks for your comments. Add missed properties. Could you please help look in to it when you have time? Thanks.

| `name` | The name of the connector type. |
| `sinkClass` | The class name for the connector sink implementation. If not defined, it assumes that the connector cannot act as a data sink. |
| `sinkConfigClass` | The class name for the sink configuration implementation. If not defined, the framework cannot do any submission time checks. |
| `sinkConfigFieldDefinitions` | The configuration fields for the sink connector. It is used to retrieve the properties from the sink connector. <br /> - `attributes`: it is used to retrive the attributes of the sink connector. <br /> - `fieldName`: it is used to retrive the name of a filed. <br /> - `typeName`: it is used to retrive the name of a type.|
| `sinkTypeClassName` |  The type class name of the sink connector. If not set, it will inherit the value from the `typeClassName` field. |
| `sourceClass` | The class name for the connector source implementation. If not defined, it assumes that the connector cannot act as a data source. |
| `sourceConfigClass` | The class name for the source configuration implementation. If not defined, the framework cannot do any submission time checks. |

> | `sourceConfigFieldDefinitions` | The configuration fields for the source connector. It is used to retrieve the properties from the source connector. <br /> - `attributes`: it is used to retrive the attributes of the source connector. <br /> - `fieldName`: it is used to retrive the name of a filed. <br /> - `typeName`: it is used to retrive the name of a type. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sourceConfigFieldDefinitions` | The configuration fields for the source connector. It is used to retrieve the properties from the source connector. <br /> - `attributes`: it is used to retrieve the attributes of the source connector. <br /> - `fieldName`: it is used to retrieve the name of a field. <br /> - `typeName`: it is used to retrieve the name of a type. |
```
